PAN-OS enhancements (#11521)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/Integrations/Panorama/README.md

#### Human Readable Output

>The profile test was created successfully.

### panorama-show-user-id-interfaces-config
***
Shows the user ID interface configuration

#### Base Command

`panorama-show-user-id-interfaces-config`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | template | The template to use when running the command. Overrides the template parameter (Panorama instances). If not given, will use the integration paramater. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| template | The template to use when running the command. Overrides the template parameter (Panorama instances). If not given, will use the integration parameter. | Optional | 
```

| template_stack | The template stack to use when running the command. | Optional | 

> | vsys | The name of the virtual system to be configured. Will use the configured VSYS paramater if exists, if given a value, will override the VSYS parametmer. If neither the VSYS parameter and this argument are enterd, will default to 'vsys1'. . | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vsys | The name of the virtual system to be configured. Will use the configured VSYS parameter if exists, if given a value, will override the VSYS parameter. If neither the VSYS parameter and this argument are entered, will default to 'vsys1'. . | Optional | 
```

#### Context Example
```json
{
    "Panorama": {
        "UserInterfaces": [
            {
                "Name": "internal",
                "Network": {
                    "layer3": {
                        "member": "ethernet1/2"
                    },
                    "log-setting": "ToLoggingService"
                }
            },
            {
                "Name": "External",
                "Network": {
                    "layer3": {
                        "member": "ethernet1/1"
                    },
                    "log-setting": "ToLoggingService"
                }
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### User Interface Configuration:
>|Name|Network|
>|---|---|
>| internal | layer3: {"member": "ethernet1/2"}<br/>log-setting: ToLoggingService |
>| External | layer3: {"member": "ethernet1/1"}<br/>log-setting: ToLoggingService |

### panorama-list-configured-user-id-agents
***
Retrieves list of user-ID agents configured in the system.

#### Base Command

`panorama-list-configured-user-id-agents`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | template | The template to use when running the command. Overrides the template parameter (Panorama instances). If not given, will use the integration paramater. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| template | The template to use when running the command. Overrides the template parameter (Panorama instances). If not given, will use the integration parameter. | Optional | 
```

| template_stack | The template stack to use when running the command. | Optional | 

> | vsys | The name of the virtual system to be configured. Will use the configured VSYS paramater if exists, if given a value, will override the VSYS parametmer. If neither the VSYS parameter and this argument are enterd, will default to 'vsys1'. . | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vsys | The name of the virtual system to be configured. Will use the configured VSYS parameter if exists, if given a value, will override the VSYS parameter. If neither the VSYS parameter and this argument are entered, will default to 'vsys1'. . | Optional | 
```
